fix(ogImage): update socialImage path to include base URL if defined (#1858)
jackyzha0/quartz: docs/plugins/CustomOgImages.md

| `socialDescription` | `description`    | Description to be used for preview. |
| `socialImage`       | `image`, `cover` | Link to preview image.              |

> The `socialImage` property should contain a link to an image either relative to `quartz/static`, or a full URL. If you have a folder for all your images in `quartz/static/my-images`, an example for `socialImage` could be `"my-images/cover.png"` or `"https://<base-url>/quartz/static/my-images/conver.png"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `socialImage` property should contain a link to an image either relative to `quartz/static`, or a full URL. If you have a folder for all your images in `quartz/static/my-images`, an example for `socialImage` could be `"my-images/cover.png"`. Alternatively, you can use a fully qualified URL like `"https://example.com/cover.png"`.
```
